Trivial doc updates (#7)
ni/fast: packages/utilities/fast-colors/README.md

[![NI FAST Colors NPM version and repo link](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ni/fast-colors.svg?label=@ni/fast-colors)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ni/fast-colors)

> `@ni/fast-colors` includes a number of color classes and utilities designed to make parsing and manipulating colors easy, fast, and light-weight. This `@ni/fast-colors` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-colors`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/fast-colors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@ni/fast-colors` includes a number of color classes and utilities designed to make parsing and manipulating colors easy, fast, and light-weight. This `@ni/fast-colors` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-colors`](https://github.com/microsoft/fast/tree/archives/fast-element-1/packages/utilities/fast-colors).
```
